1. Why does the student go to see the librarian?
To sign up for a seminar on using electronic sources for research
To report that a journal is missing from the reference area
To find out the procedure for checking out journal articles
To ask about how to look for resources for a class paper
2. What does the librarian say about the availability of journals and articles in the library?
They are not easy to find if a professor put them on reserve 
Most of them are accessible in an electronic format
Most of them can be checked out for three weeks
Printed versions from the past three years are located in the reference section.
3. What does the librarian suggest the student should do to save time?
Choose an easier research topic
Concentrate on five journals
Read the summaries of the articles first
Install a new program on her home computer
4. What can be inferred about why the woman decides to use the computer in the library?
She thinks she might need additional help from the man
She does not have a computer at home
She has to hand in her assignment by the end of the day
She will be meeting a friend in the library later on
5. Why does the woman say this:
She had forgotten about the information
She is surprised she was not aware of the information
She is annoyed that the information was published only recently
She is concerned that the librarian gave her incorrect information
6. What is the purpose of the lecture?
To explain the difference between two artistic styles
To describe a new art gallery to the class
To introduce an artist's work to the class
To show how artists' styles can evolve over time
7. What does the professor say about Frantzen's painting of a farm scene?
It resembles a photograph
It may be Frantzen's best known painting
It was painted in the Impressionist style
It was painted while Frantzen lived abroad
8. Why did Frantzen go to the Sales Barn?
To study human form and movement
To earn money by painting portraits
To paint farm animals in an outdoor setting
To meet people who could model for her paining
